# Description

These two Python scripts work together to encrypt and decrypt a message using a substitution cipher.

The `encripter.py` script will take a user input quote, count the number of different letters in it, and generate a random substitution key for each letter. The script then encrypts the quote using the substitution key, and writes the key to a specified file. Finally, it prints the encrypted quote.

The `decripter.py` script takes an encrypted message and the key file generated by the `encripter.py` script as inputs. The script then translates the encrypted message into the original quote using the substitution key provided in the key file. If the message cannot be translated, the script will print a message indicating this.

## Requirements

- Python 3.x

## Usage

1. Download or clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Open a command prompt or terminal window and navigate to the directory where the repository is saved.
3. To encrypt a message, run the following command:
    
    ```
    python encripter.py
    ```
    
4. Follow the prompt to enter the quote you want to encrypt, and to specify the name of the file where you want to save the key.
5. The script will generate the encrypted message and save the key to the specified file.
6. To decrypt a message, run the following command:

    ```
    python decripter.py [key-file]
    ```
    
    Replace `[key-file]` with the name of the file where the key was saved in step 5.
    
7. Follow the prompt to enter the encrypted message you want to decrypt.
8. The script will translate the message and print the original quote to the command prompt.

## Example

	python encripter.py
	Which quote do you want to encrypt?
	>>Hello, World!
	What file do you want to put the doc_keys?
	>>key_file.txt

	>hjhik
	>zgfks
	>qcvax
	>weoml
	>nyurb
	>pstdx
	>f
	>y
	>x
	>k
	>m
	>n
	>z
	>l
	>e
	>w
	>r
	>o

	oshtXhgnzoxi~nnqlw


	python decripter.py key_file.txt
	What's the encrypted message you want to translate?
	>>oshtXhgnzoxi~nnqlw
	Hello, World!

